[{"issue_id":1,"body":"Noah Webster said, when he was talking about tyranny, that 'The people of America would never suffer tyranny because they are armed.' I think the likelihood of Hitler being able to accomplish his goals would have been greatly diminished if people had been armed. ","source":"CNN Interview with Wolf Blitzer October 8, 2015"},
  {"issue_id":1,"body":"My point is that many of the places where these mass shootings occur are gun free zones. So these people who are crazed, but not so crazy as to go into a place where they're likely to get shot, they select these places because they know that they're not going to meet resistance. So whether it's a kindergarten teacher who is well trained, or a retired policeman, or someone who can stop the carnage, it makes a lot of sense. We should have someone there who is armed, who is trained, and who can handle a weapon.","source":"CNN Interview with Wolf Blitzer October 8, 2015"},
  {"issue_id":2,"body":"There are currently ways for our government to monitor the activities of suspicious individuals. You can get a court order very quickly when necessary. The security and privacy of our citizenry is paramount—one of the central [tenets] of our Constitution. But we can protect our national security without invading the rights of law-abiding citizens.","source":"Email to The Daily Signal, May 20, 2015"},
  {"issue_id":2,"body":"It is absolutely important that we know what's being done and what's being monitored. Because people act differently, they say things differently when they know that they're being monitored. That's why when you go into a store there's a sign up that says, 'You are being videoed.' The secrecy that is going on right now, coupled with the apparent dishonesty in government, obviously has dampened the enthusiasm for people about the voracity of their government.","source":"Fox News Interview, June 23, 2013"},
  {"issue_id":3,"body":"I'm not going around and looking for billionaires and licking their boots and asking for contributions, I have no intention of ever doing that. I'm not gonna get into bed with special interest groups, I think that's abominable. And I simply said, if the people want me to do this then the people need to fund it and they have been funding it at record level and we have no problem whatsoever in doing what we need to do without licking the boots and without bringing in special interest groups.","source":"Commonwealth Club of California Interview, San Francisco, CA September 8, 2015"},
  {"issue_id":3,"body":"In a Carson administration, I gotta tell you, the special interest groups are gonna be out in the cold, we're just not gonna deal with them. This is not to say that we're not talking to some big money people, cause we are. But we're making it very clear to them that they're welcome to donate, but they’re not buying any influence. They can donate if they are on board with our attempt to save America in the way that we are planning to do it.","source":"Commonwealth Club of California Interview, San Francisco, CA September 8, 2015"},
  {"issue_id":4,"body":"First of all, you have to realize that there wouldn't be people coming here if there wasn't a magnet drawing them in here. You have to reverse the polarity of the magnet, you have to get rid of all of the things that are drawing them in here, including employment. If you employ a person who is illegal, instead of getting a pass from the government, you should get a criminal activity on your record because it's a crime.","source":"Iowa Freedom Summit Presentation, January 24, 2015"},
  {"issue_id":4,"body":"If we don't seal the border, the rest of this stuff clearly doesn't matter. It's kind of ridiculous all the other things we talk about. We have the ability to do it, we don't have the will to do it.","source":"CNN Republican Debate, September 16, 2015"},
  {"issue_id":5,"body":"The Iran deal announced today with fanfare and another heaping dose of false hope is almost certain to prove an historic mistake with potentially deadly consequences.","source":"Statement to Breitbart News, July 14, 2015"},
  {"issue_id":5,"body":"I think it is one of the most dangerous situations that we face, not just for the Middle East but for the rest of the world in a long time.” In regards to Iran becoming a nuclear power.","source":"Fox News Sunday., Aug. 16, 2015."},
  {"issue_id":6,"body":"My entire professional life has been devoted to saving and enhancing lives. Thus, the thought of abortion for the sake of convenience does not appeal to me.","source":"Washington Times, Ben Carson Op-Ed, 'Physician's View' , Jan 21, 2014"},
  {"issue_id":6,"body":"As a physician who does not believe in abortion, when faced with a patient who has severe medical problems, I would refer someone for an abortion.","source":"Politico.com, Aug. 18, 2015."}]
